fix: ruff configuration (#99)
ianlewis/fx: AGENTS.md

# AGENTS.md

This file provides guidance to coding agents when working with code in
this repository.

## Common Commands

### Build and Development

- `make all` - Run all tests and build the site
- `make build` - Build the static API site files

> - `make install` - Install the package in the local venv

Author: ```suggestion
- `make install` - Install the package in the local virtual environment
```
